hello all welcome one more day to me
channel I hope you are very well and in the
today's video as you saw the title below
I'm going to show you what I carry in my bag
I love seeing this kind of videos as
to give me ideas like growing my bag
or just to gossip a little
so you want to see that
take and wells to the next and good this
is my bag as you can see it is
completely black I think super
nice this is in athens now and I
love because messi with a mini briefcase
and has two ways to use it then
with this the short or the long that is
like the one I use the most because it's more comfortable
but obviously you can be in
the sides is a bit heavy and has
many compartments then like
from outside an antibacterial hanging
on this side I love having
antibacterial with me is like my
protection against bacteria
let's open the pockets as you see here
he's like a little boy I do not know what I have
here the truth
I have
mysteriously I have two rings
little ones that always a little less in
the days obviously but they are like in the
little ones
they want here I do not know why the
I had and I also have sugar disk and
I do not have anything else in that minimal chilitos
just this space here after now
these two little buttons
about magic then you can see the
bag in this way then as a power
they have many compartments that
love to train that first is alone
for here and there are always as
things that I need most urgently what
First of all, I have my cell phone
obviously it's like the first thing you eat and
almost always in my hands at a level
super to show you where I keep it
the next thing I have in that little bag
with napkins I always have
napkins of my universe
I have chewing gum
chewing gum in life I can not go
without site I swear a box of these
the player in a week and that although the
Friday that is buying for that same
is this new as you can notice and I have
that I always have chewing gum with me because
I love the only ones
and below I have to candy then
we have meals
Y
sweet
what they had the part forward now
we go with the part of here then they
I want to show before the bag comes
so that it is with compartment a
Zipper with compartment inside and
here another completely before has like
a division in the front in
little boys to put comfortable but if
that
so I have this is my favorite
at this time I gave it to me
friend that surely have had like this
that many
it seems super nice
student
change colors is very very beautiful
It is my favorite in this color
and it has a eiffel tower of paris people
that I have is a highlighter and this is what
gave away in Europe and is very cool because
Tower has one saltadores
then how did you get the probable pink
underlined what has always covered this
and with this vote there were coca-cola and
as usual
The next thing I have is my charger
listen with my cell phone chargers
so then the normal of the wall and
that's like an extra battery and what
next I have in that same
compartment is a are some glasses
sun and those are the desires that I always
my photos in my videos on the blog I think
which are my favorites
What I have in that same hole is the
wallet
and the wallet can not miss
although I feel we started a lot because
It's too big for the bag
and the last thing I have in that
compartment is this things things
like my hearing aids
I have to be now
my contact lenses to see another
chewing gum you have pretty gum with guys
boy pins the two look like is a man vi
one day I have them in the
next behavior will show us the
on the other side of zipper newell
I have a libretica that is a whole
reservation of more super special families
and the super super pretty little notebook
love with the one that says and the color
waiting to show a little focused already
that you do not get ideas like for videos
basically that is eat in haiti or
messages something that inspired me and what
next thing I have here is the
explanation of why you downloaded a
highlighter with me in the bag
basically because I always have
university readings with I go out with
my family at any time and ccoo
that we are out there I like to go
advancing reading
and what I have here is a matter
which is an organizational theory and I have
more dicta
what is in this compartment here
of this zipper
and then how
where is it like my makeup bag in
that compartment that I did not know about this
but I have more chewing gum and I already have things
like makeup but as basic
as to touch up no then a
corrector some towns announcer a
moisturizer and lips
its a color
my powders and well now we are already at
end of the bag and is this zipper of
here and in this zipper I always
like to wear feminine things and I was going to
dig, I have not removed these
these packages of the like
zippers and good then let's take care
friend this and as you can see is
completely empty I loved to record it
for you I hope you liked it
much this video if not being the good of
like and subscribe by the
little button that is down there that
I made in red subscribe my eyes
name is so that hardly anyone enters
it appears to them when they are a new video
I hope you liked it a lot
have a nice day and see you at the
next video chao
sweet curiosity to pry
as you can as you can see it because
I speak very strange